

Problem: Letting people borrow stuff and it breaks or its never returned
Goal: Keep up with all assets I have, and be able to loan them to other people. 
Maybe phil borrows my things and i borrow his think, and phil can give me credits for that. Now i can take those credits and apply it toward someones backpacking equipment. However all items have different value of credit. Credit is a level of trust. 

Now preventative maintenance must happen for certain equipment. 
  - Now a car should have the oil changed by however many miles, but a tractor might be annually!
  - We need instructions and parts needed to have maintenance. Now I want to be able to search 

ALL OF THESE BELOW ARE KEPT IN A USERS PROFILE
See where assets are
Limit how long they are loaned 
Track where the items are to the specific location
When I bought it, where, and how much was spent
  - Keep receipt
Keep up with warrenty and warrenty documentation

Search for particular asset or loan near me

Q: Would you want all assets to be standardized? Like hammer = 10 universally for everyone?
A: It needs to be set or else the credit reputation is useless

Q: How do you get credits
A: Credits are based upon when someone borrows something from you. So if nobody borrows from you then you do not have any credit, and if you borrow something from someone you would then have negative credit

Q: Should people start with a small bank of credit so they aren't starting in the negatives
A: I don't want to reward people for just having assets, you are rewarded for behavior and letting those borrow
Q: So do we need reviews
A: Yes, public reviews

Q: How large is the expectation
A: Should be as big as any social network

Q: System for people not returning assets
A: Yeah but im not sure
- seems like its up to us

Q: Where is the profitability?
A: Less worried about the profit, I will monetize through ads to maintain the system
Data is being collected here, so if everyone is borrowing hammers in this neighborhood, I can sell that info to a hardware store. This is valuable data

The value of an item is what determines replacement for an asset

Q: Should there be a waitlist for items 
A: Yes i like that

Need terms of service about selling data and all such

We want pictures, descriptions and such

Q: Would reviews be specific to people who loan or borrow
A: Both
Q: Would you like to reward people with getting a good review?
A: No answer

Q: Do you have a name for this product
A: Hippo Exchange

Q: Who sets the prices of items
A: The system does

The system should suggest materials you need for a task

It would be awesome if we could categorize an item based upon a picture

Q: Stealing system
A: nobody would ever steal

Q: Default rental time?
A: No default rental time, person who is lending should set that specific to each item and depending on the time of year etc.

Q: Color Scheme
A: Visually attractive

Q: Do you say you are lending hammer for 2 weeks, or you just ask when you are interested
A: No opinion

Q: Could you lend animals
A: Not chickens but maybe goats to graze the grass, maybe cows too

Q: How should long term disposables go like goats
A: Maybe put expected life on it, like even a car

Q: Do you ship or pick it up
A: Thats a great idea

Q: Should old hammer take less credit than new hammer
A: Yes for sure

Q: Messaging system?
A: Yes

Q: Should certain items be prohibited?
A: We should make sure of that.

Q: Should we be able to search categories or popular items, even near you
A: Yes for sure, 

Q: Delivery fee
A: I dont know


---------
Now we asked too many features, and asking a non technical person too many, and they will always say yes

---------
Q: What are priorities
A: 
- Catalog my assets w/ warrenty info and documentation of when i purchased and price of asset, and its constantly updating 
- Preventative maintenece 
  - Where its located for sure


------
Now evaluate those priorities, and educate them on how ling each one will take!
Client is giving features but do not know everything needed to make that

Scope creep: The "Hey thats cool let me do this" Where the scope of the project gets bigger and is out of reach